byDebut … Lethal Eternity
Contents
The people	2
Government	4
Earthly gods	6
Theologians	9
BAR	10
Family	16
Lymphys	17

 
The people
After going to the funeral of Susan's sister who had died in less than four months since a pancreatic cancer was discovered, everyone looked through the car windows, while George is driving his car and smokes a cigarette with calculated movements to avoid that the ash drop on the seat off his carefully maintained gray sedan. 
Nobody talk, while Susan tried to drown the grief after the loss of her beloved sister despite their occasional fights was the only thing that was bringing good memories of her family destroyed by divorce than like a hurricane ruined everything in its path. Now only her childhood memories and his last name mentioned by someone else would be the only link between her past family and her destiny.
Thomas sitting alone in the back seat with his silence only regretted the great sorrow of his inseparable friend. She always listened to him when he was depressed that was very frequent in his permanent solitude. After leaving his job, goes his home where is disturbed only the sound of a lone TV always on and accompanied by his dog as shadow accompanied him to every corner of his messy but clean house full of magazines and books everywhere to keep him busy always reading something new and complex to take its always busy brain harboring ideas that only Susan listened without questioning.
After leaving the cemetery, they decided to go to the usual place where the cafe would be taken and always would talk for a long time to exhaust the topic chosen without any prior preparation that day. 
Susan that day did not want to talk, only wants to listen and remember only the smile of his beloved sister and cherish those moments that would always be with her and often did not give due importance to be trivial and casual but today had been discovered that the best and unfortunately not return to live them as they should be lived.
While they are waiting to give the order, she recalled the saddest moment in the funeral in which she saw his sad mother on one side with his new partner apparently tailored to her tastes and the other side his father with a tear running down his cheek and under his sunglasses reflecting the beautiful face of his new life partner. All seemed to be the correct position is less than the pain that she could not be comforted by hugs from relatives and friends. She just wanted something impossible and the company was again Mary, her younger sister, who now would stay alone in that solitary and silent garden full of memories and desires impossible to fulfill.
George - Everyone wants to live forever. No one wants to die. People are willing to do anything in exchange for living forever. We would pay any price if money could buy eternity. Everything that has been invented has its deep intention to compensate for what eternity would give us that is more time. We would have all the time to get from one place to another; the difference would not be going faster. The messages have eternal life without date or time limit because we would no longer have space for the urgent things in our consciousness. 
Thomas – Everything in our life would be different, if our ways would be perpetual. This morning I read something in the newspaper about Stelan Project developed by the Bayreit inc Consortium with its headquarters in the Silicon Valley and offices and labs in London, Berlin, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Sidney, Singapore, Sao Paulo and Johannesburg. Bayreit inc Inc. has some patents related to equipments and chemical products that can create a special radiation to change our genetic programming about to age and avoid dying. 
George – This is good to hear but I have heard the same thing a lot of time in the past. The media knows that the people want then build the messages to create the expectations. 
Thomas – I know that and agree with you about that but something is different in this occasion because they have achieved to prolong the life of chimpanzees up to four times its normal life span. They rarely live past age 40 in the wild, but some have lived longer than 60 years in captivity. These results have been possible either the specie Bonobo, Pan Paniscus found in the Congo or common chimpanzee, Pan Troglodytes that have their native habitats in west and central Africa.  
George – The chimpanzees have always been the true pioneers in any incursion man-made, including space travel.  Most of the labs either conduct or make the chimps available for invasive research, defined as "inoculation with an infectious agent, surgery or biopsy conducted for the sake of research and not for the sake of the chimpanzee, and/or drug testing". 
Susan - Any specific reason in this occasion?
Thomas - yes, they are essentially perfect guinea pig, let me say the reason for that. The referred article says that the genus Pan is part of the subfamily Hominoidea, to which humans also belong. Pan troglodytes and Pan paniscus have been proposed to belong with Homo sapiens in the genus Homo, rather than Pan based on genetic similarity in 94%. In other words, chimpanzees are closer to humans than to gorillas and orangutans. The same result has not been possible in them, gorillas and orangutans, when are exposed to the same radiation to prolong their lives as in the case of chimpanzees. Instead their lives are shortened.
Susan – then this means that this is very likely to find these results in humans based on the genetic proximity between humans and chimpanzees.
Thomas – This is partial true because Chimpanzees have twenty-four pairs of chromosomes; so do gorillas and orangutans. We are the exception among the apes. We have one pair less because that two ape chromosomes have used together in us. Chromosome 2, the second biggest of the human chromosome is from the fusion of two medium-sized ape chromosomes. 
Susan – I see that the chances are remote. This is a disaster for the first time I wanted to be their relatives. The missing link.
Thomas - But it is important to say that in every gene, protein sequence or random stretch o DNA that you care to look at the difference between gorilla and chimpanzees are greater than the difference between chimp and human. Apart from the fusion of chromosome 2, visible differences between chimp and human chromosomes are few and tiny. Every known chemical in the human brain can be found in the chimp brain. Any part of the nervous, vascular, immune and digestive system of human being can be found in the chimpanzee.
George: I want to know the truth about the true current status of these investigations and if they are already produced results that will extend our lives indefinitely. If so then the news media to disseminate partially until the process achieves its quick fast dissemination and avoid mass chaos based on the idea that tomorrow may be too late to achieve the ability to reach eternity. If only a few people can achieve this benefit without exception then all will want to be on that list and this originated a pressure of unimaginable proportions in every location on earth. Immigration to countries with technology is going to be without precedent proportions because the primary reason will be the search for eternity and then food and space. Achieving eats and a place to live will be made increasingly critical because the population does not die and this will give rise to a rapidly growing demand which oblige create new types of food and new housing designs. 
Susan: all we know so far is based on our mortality so all without exception must change to allow us to be eternal in an environment in harmony.
George:  the social impact of this achievement humanity is similar to the situation where a father gives a car to your child of nine years and responsible for everything. This will be a mixture of fear that will come and a feeling of happiness by having the most desired. Humanity as the child will terrify so this just around the corner.
Susan:  as I would have wished that my dear sister had lived until then. Now I can only eternal sadness that she will be absent forever between us.

Government
President – Senator Mike Johnson it is the President.
Senator - Hello Mr. President. It is honored to receive your call let me know your purpose.
President – Today I have talked with Government representatives, the presidents, prime ministers of Great Britain, French, Canada, Germany, China and Japan regarding Stelan Project. Senator, the bill related to the order in which the genome radiation will be applied to the population should be speeded up and become law as soon as possible with my signature. It is becoming more difficult to contain the international media about the true status of the progress of this project that will make even amend the constitution necessary to contain the pressure generated by the possibility of dying tomorrow. 
Senator – Mr. President I have talked with some Senators about which must be the aspects related to this bill and their answers have been neither consistent nor uniform. Legislate about who is going to live very differently about who will die. Apply the death penalty as a result of no benefit today could be very complicated. This puts us in a divine position for which we have not been trained or chosen. There is no historical precedent to allow us to support any proposal that does not create advantages in one group or another. Save someone meant condemn another because there is no ability to apply genome radiation to everyone simultaneously. Who will be the next will be the most difficult question to answer. We have been a nation that has grown up with social struggles for social equality but have come to the crossroads where equal rights not to die tomorrow are impossible. The advancement of science and technology has placed us in a position that makes obsolete articles, sections, and constitutional amendments. For arbitrary, dictatorial, and oppressive governments definitely the way is much easier, because power and money prevail and eternal salvation will be assigned to toe.
President – I see Senator and share your arguments but a way must be defined to solve part of this situation while we get final solution. I am getting calls from all the presidents and representatives of government are demanding an urgent meeting me UN to consider the issue of genome radiation. Collective stress grows internationally in all social strata demanding answers to the process of induced mutation through radiation and the big question of when the chemical agent will be ready to replace completely the radiation that requires physical location and displacement of millions and millions of people who want to be immortalized at any cost. In the early stages of the perpetuation of human beings, this is similar to the sinking of a transatlantic where the criteria in the order that the lifeboats are going to be  occupied  shall be established with two aggravating situation. First, the speed at which the ship is sinking and the second point is the shortage in the number of boats. We have hundreds of lifeboats but millions of passengers desperate to fill them, unfortunately these are the proportions for now
Senator – Mr. President a new order of things is born and we need you to group the best minds from all areas to find the way how to overcome this situation that is new to each and every one of the beings on this planet.
President – Senator, Mike, the world from now will not be what has been the joy for newborns is fading into anger as competition for food and physical space increases. Everything worked until now will be obsolete because individual priorities change rapidly assimilating eternity. Man has created what God had reserved for those who deserve it. Now everyone will have this right without distinction and I do not know if the human species this ready for that. We do not know the reason why God has not already, and it is likely that the human race needs to assimilate concepts and ways of life before ascending to the infinite possibilities of life.
Senator - while all security mechanisms must be activated and all forces must be alerted to contain the pressures from people within of our country and those from countries who want desperate at all costs go through Bayreit inc facilities to get collective mutation using chemical produced in very specific sites in both our countries and those that do not have the strength to protect themselves.
President - the problem is to what extent we may preserve control of the minds of our own forces if they also want to live like their family forever. This will be the great dilemma and the implicit risk of going against what they want. For this reason, we need to create a law to support their jobs. If someone fails to comply then it can be tried and imprisoned. John Adams wrote that our country is a government of law, and not of men. Then we need your law to support our actions to preserve order and prevent chaos at something no history for which we have no experience and having other forms of attack for which there is no strategy. 
 Senator – Mr. President let me talk to Senators and Representatives regarding the next step related to Stelan Project Law.
President – Thank you Senator for your understanding about this national and international emergency.
Earthly gods 
Bayreit inc was incorporated after the Supreme Court of California ruled case of Moore v. Regents of the University of California that a person’s discarded tissue and cells are not their property and can be commercialized. All originated, when the cells from Henrietta’s cervix tumor were given to researcher George Gey who propagated her cells into an immortalized human cell line. He discovered that these cells did something never before seen by anybody. These cancer cells could be kept alive and grow. Before this, cells cultured from other cells would only survive or a few days. George Gey was able to isolate one specific cell, multiply it, and start a cell line. Gay named the sample HeLa, after the initial letters o Henrietta Lacks’s name. As the first human cells grown in a lab that were “immortal”. HeLa cells were the first human cells successfully cloned. Demand for the HeLa cells quickly grew. Since they were put into mass production, Henrietta's cells have been mailed to scientists around the globe for "research into cancer, AIDS, the effects of radiation and toxic substances, gene mapping, and countless other scientific pursuits that include the Stelan Project. 
The strategy of Bayreit inc to develop its projects is based on the Dr. George Gay’s finding that let to give shaped the concept of immortality will be created from the discovery of the nature of cancer. After we understand how to create and how to stop cancer, then acquire the knowledge to live forever. In the beginning, we start to double, then triple and even quintuple our natural lifetimes.
After intensive investigations, Bayreit inc through the Stelan Project developed the technique to increase telomerase, biochemical machine, as does the HeLa cells. This increase causes certain cells become immortal. Stelan Project Team focused on Chromosome 14, specifically on the gene termed TEP1 that produces a protein which forms part of the biochemical machine called telomerase. The result of this important finding is that makes possible the duplication of DNA indefinitely as in cancer cells but an organized and functionally consistent mode in each human body system.
The technique developed by the group had two applications with opposite orientations. Both had scopes that had been eagerly awaited by every human being. But both were pursuing the same objective was to prolong the life of the human species indefinitely. Both were born at the same moment but with opposite directions because one was promoting the indefinite development of the telomerase and thus prolong life indefinitely while another had his reason for being in stopping the same substance develop life and stop the development of cancer by limiting their full cure to the elimination of contaminated tissues and avoiding metastasis. The first project was oriented towards the prolongation of life and within the scope of the Stelan Project. 
The second project, whose name was not known outside the walls of Bayreit inc, was called GenLan project and its main objective was to disable the production of the telomerase in cancer cells. It was easy to recognize who was dedicated to the Stelan project in the corporation because their green apparel unlike those wearing orange clothing dedicated to fighting cancer and to repair its damages in bodies helpless through the GenLan project.
Until now, the only limitation so far is that a person could not be subjected to the two treatments. Only if the person exceeded the test of not having any trace of cancer could be treated under the guideline of Stelan Project. Those who showed to be affected by cancer were then included in the GenLan project to erase any vestige cancerous. Ten years later, was subjected to rigorous new medical examination as his or her first time in the rigorously maintained facilities can begin the process of Stelan Project if the cancer was no longer present. 
During those ten years the patient had quarterly meetings with oncologists for monitoring continually under such taking appropriate action and prevent the patient succumbed to the ravages of new cancer cells on the basis that each patient could become a living laboratory who could contribute new knowledge to the solution of genetic problems in humans. 
The hope of every cancer patient was seen surrounded by technicians with green outfit as sign of life after overcoming the examinations. Then technicians dressed in blue decided the immediate future based on patient check provided by oncologists and genetic revelations through computerized equipment only present in the premises of Bayreit inc Corporation. Many of them fainted at the unexpected news have traces of cancer even if no symptoms had been noticed in the passing of long years of life. The chance of dying during the ten years of test, terrified those who were feeling similarly to those sentenced to death by a judge after an unexpected verdict. Whole families were devastated to learn of the presence of cancer cells in any family member. One thing was the pain for the loss of a loved one during the limited life time but it was quite another to feel the pain indefinitely.
Bill Adams, Bayreit inc CEO, graduated from Harvard Medical School, Genetic Engineering from University of California-Los Angeles and a graduate of Stanford School of Business. Bill was the eldest son of the three children of Dr. Craig Adams who was professor of the most prestigious universities of their time in the area of applied genetics. Dr. Adams, who was contemporary with Dr. George Otto Gey ( 1899 – 1970 ) and his follower in everything, related to the HeLa cells since his early work with these cancer cells. 
On the shielded large glass door of the Bayreit inc CEO’s office could read a notice in red letters that said “Our next target: the Immortality”, signed by Dr. Craig Adams and dated August 17, 1970, the same day of the incorporation of Bayreit  Inc.
This idea had been born first; “Find the way to achieve the Immortality” was the seed for the creation of the corporation, the futuristic vision from Dr. Craig Adams based on the Dr Gay’s finding. His great advantage was his youth compared to the Dr Gay and the received support from prestigious universities during the long and intensive studies in an area full of guesses but absent a will as Dr. Craig combining hard work, persistence and above all the conviction of the possibility of overcoming the obstacles of evolutionary logic that demanded changes in the genes after millions of years of testing under changing environmental conditions. 
The whereabouts of Dr. Craig Adams was unknown to everyone. Quick drowning doubt after the first question about where he was. The whereabouts of Dr. Craig Adams was unknown to everyone. Any questions about where he was, was answered with a puzzled silence. It was very unlikely that anyone repeat that question under any scenario and environment. Simply was better not to talk about it again and less if your son was among those present. Look from his large portrait in the most important office of the corporation was similar to someone who was there and hearing each statement carefully presented for each area supervisor who expected the last word of the technical committee headed by its CEO. The resemblance between the child and the father was amazing, and definitely seemed one could only be overcome when they could also see a picture of both when Bill graduated in the most prestigious medical school with the highest honors.
Bill – yes Vice President. I will inform you daily achievements in relation to both projects. No person shall be treated through Stelan Project without your due authorization; I understand the implications of each step of the selection criteria for each beneficiary can only have a range of national security while their application in a massive way is not reached. 
Vice President – has received and continues to receive requests for appeals of cases sentenced to death and life sentences considering immortality allows creating opportunities that motivates sentenced to change behavior and attitude to the new possibility of unlimited life. Any decision that is taken in the first case considered will create a domino effect on the jurisprudence in this type of statement. That's why each benefit criteria will define an infinite social impact. The infinite term so far was only in letters but you have become a reality affecting all areas of human endeavor.
Bill – Vice President, this morning talked to a priest of the Catholic Church who has been my friend for many years and who told me the great concern of the loss of parishioners because there is no motivation to behave well to merit eternal life which is the great promise offered for many centuries since the founding of the church. Are evaluating the life tenure of Pope, because if so, there will only be one for the rest of time, leaving no chance the Cardinals have achieved the highest endowment, if the pope is benefited from treatment.
Vice President - the same is happening in Protestant churches. Morality has now, apparently a large segment of the population, a new interpretation that is already felt in the courts and jails that have seen their population gradually increased. Comes a social tsunami and now we do not know how to stop it. The young people do not want to go to the school because is better to spend time joking and having fun. Lack of time and not stress out anyone. Optimizing the use of time as the primary motivator of Western culture is fading. Now be defined by the urgent need immediately so we return to the times of our ancestors with the difference that the population demanding food and shelter is much higher infinitely greater. Then our civilization will be destroyed to give another start to assimilate the concept of immortality. We have altered the sequence of the natural selection process of evolution of the species and that will have a high cost in its assimilation until it is absorbed by our genes according to our environment and its own changes. 
Bill – Vice President, based on these ideas, someone could find a reason to destroy us so we need adequate protection in all our national and international facilities.
Vice President – we know that so the CIA and FBI are in charge of your protection in all your facilities. Including your close relatives because blackmail is possible at anywhere and anytime.
Theologians
Professor: science has gone beyond what God has reserved the saints, good at heart and who by their actions have demonstrated genuinely pure intentions and true repentance. Only they deserve eternity.
Student: then the earth is like a boot camp where we are tested and as far as we overcome the test and learn the essential truths qualifies us to receive an award, which is above all coveted and cherished by everyone.
Professor: Superficially could be said to be so. The essence is that you cannot be eternal if the individual soul is imperfect which would prevent an indefinite collective harmony.	
Student: this means that humanity at its current level of consciousness should not be empowered to continue indefinitely.
Professor: eternity demands perfection in action and it just comes from pure souls. Otherwise hell will be created where the most insignificant sin will have an unlimited impact.
Student:  This then is the reason why God has not allowed us to be eternal.
Professor: sexual immorality, impurity, lust, hatred, discord, jealousy, anger, selfish ambition, dissention, arrogance, envy, murder, idolatry, witchcraft, drunkenness, wild living, cheating, adultery, homosexuality, greed, stealing, lying. Any of these actions are contrary to the good will bring incalculable negative effect if who do consecutively has an unlimited life.
Student:  any paradise will become a hell if it leaves spaces for any of these actions.
Professor:  no matter the size of a community will become a hell if only one member is contrary to good.
Student:  laws in all types try to avoid the spread of evil started through individual actions.
Professor:  when the purpose of the law is altered causes damage unpredictable consequences.
Student:  when the individual is placed above the law then the community becomes a sure victim of his good deeds or bad.
Professor:  the only way to preserve the harmony of a community is subordinating the individual will to the collective welfare through the limitations imposed by the laws.
Student: eternity is only sustainable if truth prevails to ensure life in harmony, otherwise the lie will be the essential foundation of an eternal hell with infinite pain and suffering and then death will be invoked again.
Professor:  death is the only solution to the imperfect human nature characterized by free will.
Student: the human species cannot be eternal until each individual understand that negative actions impede collective harmony.
Professor: if there is no collective harmony eternity becomes hell. 
Student:  basically there are two forces that oppose the spread of negative actions. The first one, laws and penalties imposed on violators define a containment walls that prevent the initial source cannot continue at the same time creates a dissuasive effect to prevent other people dare to repeat.
Professor:  laws and penalties imposed define a social response to the actions of offenders who violate the established their lines.
Student:  a bad action by a person can also generate a negative reaction in another individual, and this implies an uncontrolled spread of unpredictable consequences.
Professor:  forgiveness becomes the only reaction that stops completely a negative response from the victim. Thereby preventing the spread of evil, and meanwhile induces a positive change in the offender. Only a positive reaction can neutralize a negative action and this is the essence of forgiveness.
Student: but then how is going to change all these under a regime of eternal life?
BAR
All were absorbed with a cold drink in their wet hands watching the breaking news on all TVs that cover the walls around the wood island centered in the semi-dark space that momentarily holds those who want to get away from the routine. TV screens all speak the same thing, eternity and the surrounding possibility that everyone can achieve. Few are interested in knowing how they had achieved this possibility but all without exception wanted to learn how to benefit individually as soon as possible. 
A factory  worker who already was on his fourth beer loudly told the first class who are the richest are the first to eternalize surely they already have their tickets for the first functions. 
A woman near forty was playing pool and watching TV while the opponent took his chance in the game. After this comment, she said that as they are used should be women and children as throughout emergency situation. Her opponent, also woman, after hitting the ball with exceptional skill said  in eternity stage women and children would not be priority simply because the future no longer belonged to the children and women despite the ability of procreation of this last. Eternity through the achievements of work in genetics will allow the continuation of the human species without the need for women and children. The family as a social cell will no longer have the priority to procreate to preserve the human species. 
The factory worker started to talk to the closer waiter who looked at him and nodded without hearing what he said to serve the other customers who demanded more and more drinks of different tastes and colors. Some customers were demanding than usual which is claiming more attention. Which is the benefit for people living paycheck to paycheck?. We do not have any power then our position is going to be the last to get the eternity treatment. Earthly gods are not interested in giving eternal life to the poor and humble of heart. These were inaudible words of a man in his fifties who never took his eyes off his index finger circularly moved the edge of his almost empty glass but even with a few cubes of ice that preserved their form even without the taste of liquor. Unlike career professionals, factory workers do anything to survive. We recorded every hour to keep track of what has been done so far in the day. Usually it is not enough to pay all the bills and often the gas tank of our car competes with our stomach. Nothing is wrong about that because this becomes a lifestyle. Only works, eats and rests then a new day begins. There is a time when you no longer care if you are alone or accompanied. No matter whether or not someone is waiting for you at home. What matters is to stay alive and sane until an opportunity for change arises avoiding getting into troubles because them mean more expenses. Sometimes I do not know if it is best to sleep on an empty stomach or gas tank with half for the next day. I think that we the poor people who can start and start each time the circumstances of the next day forces us to change jobs and lose all over again, live more intensely than other people whose comfortable routine prevents them feel the fear and daily pain of scarcity and great need. If we become eternal now this routine is going to be perpetuated indefinitely and demanded an attitude from me that I have not even so a change is required to address this reality in a body that does not grow old. Then the jubilation day is never coming and the social security check won’t come. Everything is going to change.
Someone who was listening what he said then smiled without seeing him as a sign he understood each and every one of your words. After that, he said the songs and the books have an ending because need an ending. Because a new book and a new song need the released space to create its own live in the mind of everyone who needs to feed the soul with something new. The people are like songs and books that need an ending. His partner talked regarding the people that changed the world in anyway.  These special people will not benefit from the new treatment would have prevented his departure. 
From a table in the far corner was a lady in her forties wearing what appears to be the proper attire for a nurse saw one of the screens with his tired eyes and made a comment in relation to the cells could not grow old but sick and die. Likewise if a damage affecting basic functions of the most important organisms then death will occur regardless of whether the cells do not age occurs. The person sitting next to him who wore the same clothes asked a question related without removing view the same screen. Lucky those receiving treatment that would avoid aging at a young age. But what about the elderly or those who have traveled more than halfway and now see the possibility of not aging. Our ages will be frozen and with them our spirit and attitude towards life. Leaders will forever leaders and their followers will maintain its passive position.
Two young in their low twenties were watching the screens but with little attention until that the two ladies at the nearest table made comments about the main subject from the news, the possibility of being eternal. The one with glasses frowned and said the older people are going to keep the power in every scenario possible forever including our parents. People like us won’t get any important position because the experience of older people. For the first time in my life wanted to be an astronaut to create chances on another planet where dinosaurs not control everything around. We will be teenagers forever then subjugated by the adult power.
A sergeant sitting at the bar that was next to them and listen to the reasoning of young said, the allocation of power is going to be will be distributed like military hierarchy where the oldest and cunning dominate every field of human activity. Starting with our homes and ending with the maximum position of power in each country. The people, of those countries dominated by dictators, had hoped to be freed after the death of the oppressor now doomed forever. And the dictator will have at most only thought to ensure your personal safety that will be at risk at all times.
Three young men, a lawyer, a medical doctor and a professor of economics in their thirties, and friends from high school were talking about the breaking news from their respective views. 
Medical doctor: all this process to stop the aging process is based on carcinogenesis that is the transformation from a normal cell to a cancerous one. This transformation that is malignant has its origin in damage to genetic material, or deoxyribonucleic acid popularly known as DNA. The chromosomes are made of DNA strands. The DNA controls the production of new cells through cell division. 
While he is drawing on a napkin that had the logo of the bar and that was used by the doctor as the original cell, he is saying that when a cell split, the DNA material in each chromosome copies itself so the two daughter cells have the same DNA. It is called mitosis.
Lawyer: you sound like our biology teacher Miss. Monroe who everyone called the Iron Lady but not by character but because of her thick glasses framed in a heavy iron structure.
Professor: remember when she smiled, after Richard, the huge guy, named her the Iron Lady while open the door for her.
Doctor: everyone got scared thinking about her response. But after her smile, our fear vanished and knew she thought it was a compliment to her character. 
Professor: I think after someone explained the real reason for her nickname. 
Lawyer: yes, after she wore contact lens.
They laughed out loud as remembered all the details of the Miss Monroe’s story. 
Suddenly all silent and the professor Matthew said: remember the adage became popular by Richard.
John, the lawyer, said: if nobody understands me, then I do not understand anything. By the way, he was sentenced for life for killing someone after a strong fight.
Mathew: definitely true that the words and ways as are pronounced define and describe the people.
The doctor Greg: words are almost always flags that reveal what our senses have not perceived about people and that the future presented with irreparable damage with its associated pain. The pain becomes us in other person and makes our character to mature so what we once did damage does not affect us with the same intensity. Then the pain threshold grows as a protection mechanism. It is the reason why not weeps with the same intensity for a cause that is repeated. Tears and pain makes us stronger.
Matthew: for these reason the adversity is the best teacher.
John: and comfort and leisure the mother of many vices, crimes and lack of character. Therefore the second generation of a family business is almost never as good as the first. The first had more pain and more obstacles to overcome than the second inherited enjoying comfort. But if we become eternal will have more time to learn from painful experiences so we can have more time for comfort. But how we become eternal through induced genetic changes.
Greg:  additionally this dividing function of DNA, mitosis, the DNA contains the master coding for every protein produced in the cell. DNA controls the production of new proteins or protein synthesis in the cell. There are 20,000 to 30,000 genes in DNA that direct the production of all proteins that control all aspects of cell and its function. Genes are composed of nucleotides that package sugar, phosphate, and a base that would be guanine, thymine, cytosine or adenine. DNA sends a molecular message outside the nucleus to the cytoplasm of the cell to direct the production of specific proteins, such as hormones and enzymes, essential for the proper functioning and cell growth. The message originates in the nucleus where DNA is located; include the instructions to make a specific protein. This message is copied onto another molecule that is like a vehicle called ribonucleic acid also known as RNA. This vehicle travels from the nucleus to the cytoplasm o the cell to carry on the coded message that instructed to the formation of specific proteins. 
Matthew: when a cell becomes malignant?
Greg: When the process of mitosis and protein production or synthesis are scrambled like eggs in the pan. Cancer cells reproduce almost steadily, and abnormal proteins are made. The choir starts singing the wrong sheet music. DNA stops making the right mitosis and the production of right proteins then cannot carry on the function of mature cells. Cancer is the result of altered DNA. These alterations are transfer to daughter cells. It is called mutation. Some mutations present in cancer cells avoid the cells from dying. Scientists have discovered that is some types of cancers, lines of the program or instructions that guide cells to age or destroy the cells to die are missing. This process is called apoptosis or programmed cell death. Then some cancer cells have lost this programming and thus can live forever.
John:  The big question then is why nature wants us not to be eternal?
Matthew:  yes you right, and then is scientific progress toward finding the eternity of the species against nature?
John: That is equivalent to saying that vaccines and antidotes are a product against nature and ill-conceived because they avoid the deaths of hundreds and thousands of people who would be victims of the natural process of extinction through viruses, bacteria and various diseases.
John: it may be so, as the response of nature to prevent overpopulation and also prevent more elderly age and now also based on vigorous and immense wisdom accumulated by centuries dominates those who are born after them.
Matthew: this will create new forms of power in both the short and long term. In the long run such as raised john and in the short term as you think that the present medical treatment will be given to each individual on the planet to prevent age.
John: this is definitely not overnight. I do not know the exact method used by this corporation, Bayreit Inc., to create this type of controlled cancer through genetic mutations that have altered the original message and eliminated DNA lines on aging or self-destruction. They would use any kind of carcinogens or environmental agents that can change DNA but in a way where the consequences are perfectly controlled and therefore predictable. This is the largest of their developments and discovery. They would use chemical elements, radiation from whatever its source, when this energy works on DNA, it causes DNA change and mutations that lead to cancer. We would rule out the use of carcinogenic viruses to become them in friend viruses to alter the genetic message following our wishes.  Additionally to transmission of cancer for whole viruses; parts of normal DNA called oncogenes can cause normal cells to become malignant if they are activated by mutations or genetic change. 
John: What is about heredity? Can descendents inherit the benefit of these no aging mutations?
Greg: Cancer may be created by not only environmental causes but also inherited factors. Some forms of cancer are transmitted from parent’s cells through defects in the DNA of sperm cell or egg. For example the adenomatous  polyposis coli syndrome to create polyps that grow in the colon and rectum, and also is known retinoblastoma that is tumor of the retina of the eye. These kinds of cancer are caused by loss of a segment of DNA or by an alteration in the coding sequence of DNA. The inherited changes can be detected through a genetic screening by analyzing DNA in any tissue of any system of the body, not only cancerous cells to know whether a person got the cancer-causing gene from the parents.
John: definitely who knows and dominates the cancer will have the power to prolong life or not each person and to control the power that this person has associated. The big difference is that this relationship and the power that is generated do not grow old.
Matthew: this is something that was far away from anyone with imagination. New economic mechanisms are going to be created based on whom and who no get older. 
John: the time required for a person to become eternal creates spaces that allow situations give rise to all kinds of blackmail.
Greg: everything will depend on the type of cancer induced. There are more than 100 distinct kinds of cancer. It is possible to group the types of cancer into three broad groups on the concept of histogenesis that means by identifying the particular type of tissue or hist/o from which the tumor cells arise or genesis. These major groups are carcinomas derived from epithelial tissue that lines external and internal body surfaces that includes digestive, skin, glands, reproductive, and urinary organs. The term adenoma is used to designate benign tumors of epithelial or glandular origin. Sarcomas derive from body’s connectives tissues, such as bone, bone marrow, cartilage, fat, muscle, and from cells of the lymphatic system. The third group is the mixed-tissue tumors are produced from tissue that is capable to be distinguished into both epithelial and connective tissue. This type would be found in the kidney, ovaries, and testes. Then all these types de cancer must be induced to get the one hundred percent of every DNA in each cell of the body. But it must be a controlled carcinogenic induction with controlled results to obtain the expected results. 
John: the concept is to understand how the cancer process changes genetic programming of DNA in relation to aging. Then repeat the process in each and every cell in the body thereby prolong the life of every human being on the planet.
Greg: avoiding any side effects that might be generated during and after applying the technique of controlled mutation.
Matthew: but how to do that if every invention of man has a side effect. However good or useful it is, there is a side of the equation that is almost always negative and the result is seen in the long term.
John: It is the side that conservation movements keep the fight standing. Visionaries see problems in the future and victims suffer now.
Matthew:  with eternity as a reality this change because the future is not other but ourselves. Until now everything is in treaties and conventions but tomorrow will be a struggle because the space will be more limited and more resources demanded by the growing population not grow old.
Greg: the body has four basic tissues types that are: epithelial tissues that build the working surface of skin and all body cavities that include ducts, vessels and glands. The second one, the connective tissue is that connect, bind, and support the different structures of the body. The third one, it is the skeletal muscle cells that include cardiac and visceral muscle cells. The last one, the nervous tissues that have neurons that generate and conduct electrochemical impulses through neuronal process.  These tissues are combined in different ways to build the body wall and the viscera. 
John:  Is there an amount of radiation that normal tissue can receive?
Greg: yes, the quantity of radiation that different types of tissue can safely receive is known for every part of the body. A radiation oncologist make a patient’s treatment plan through a process defined as treatment planning, that is started with simulation. In the cancer cells cases, different doses of radiation are requested to kill different types of sick cells. If a part of the body has previously been exposed to therapy radiation, and the maximum safe lifetime dose of radiation has been reached, then the patient may not be able to have radiation again in this area.
 Family
In a prestigious coffeehouse, two couples talk about the front pages news, everyone can live forever. 
 David, the young guy, is the son of the old pair, had on his right to his daughter who laughed when her mother, Kathy, playfully whispered something in her ear.
David: it is great that everyone can live forever. Then I would see all my descendants from my daughter Carol. 
Said this while he hugged her. 
Then she hugged him and said: Daddy first I have to grow much more, only I am 10 years old.
John: David, she needs to grow, you need to keep your old, and your mother and I need to rejuvenate.
Pamela: son, I do not want to be the only one with wrinkles in the pictures, and I can assure you that my girl friends think like me. The issue is that it has always spoken of eternal youth but never spoke of eternal childhood or old age forever. Nobody wants to look old forever. Neither the best singer nor actor can keep the hot from the fans when the gold years arrive.
Carol: someday I want to dress like my mom. 
Kathy: beyond of this, you will need some day to decide everything for yourself like everyone else that is in adulthood. 
Carol: But who is going to give me an adult job if I look like a girl forever.
John: for a kid get older means growing but for a person mature means her or his decline. There are energies, moods, states of mind very different in every stage. After this new treatment, the young people would stop the aging process anytime. But the old people cannot be younger again and this is so difficult to overcome.
David: it is likely that when I get my opportunity to get the eternity treatment I would be either too old or dead. 
Pamela:  winter, spring, summer, and autumn demand a different attitudes from us but what if everything freezes in a season like a picture. 
Carol: boring…..so boring.
John: everything needs to be changed because the resources are limited. The earth is made to support a finite quantity of human been. The pollution speed by person must to be reduced. The transportations choices must lead to massive.
David: performance of the boxers decreases as their bodies grow old. The muscles weaken despite their fighting spirit remains strong. After treatment that will stop aging, they not are able to be what they were before only be maintained.
John: Then be necessary to create divisions not only by weight but by age of the fighter. So that entire populations will be formed according to age ranges of people who have a similar level of intentions
David: People would decide how far to aging based on subjective criteria.
Carol: then teens will have to wait until eighteen years to decide not to age more. 
John: parents or legal guardians can decide when to stop aging child. As chronological age increases until the decision can be taken based on personal judgment since reaching the legal age. 
Pamela: when is the best time to stop aging?
Kathy: may everyone stop aging?. Does treatment work for everyone ?
Pamela: could someone wish to continue aging? . The natural way.
John: This would create conflicts between parents and their kids in the worst case for the limitation of the resources and unlimited presence of both. Everyone is going to compete for natural resources or for financial resources to survive economically. The legacies either economic or knowledge is going to be limited because the referred competition. Everyone against everyone because looking for individual survival. Parents ready to fight against their own kids because the time is not limited but all the resources are limited. Then will be born a new pattern of behavior that is going to be similar to animal jungle but with high technology devices because the basic instincts are the same.

Lymphys
Lymphys agent: Eternity requires a change in individual attitudes and collective behavior. The ecological movements were ineffective because the negative consequence from pollutant actions today is going to have a negative impact on future generations. But under the eternity treatment everything will be felt in the flesh then a small polluting action indefinitely repeated will have an impact of gigantic proportions on the opposite site of the planet. Therefore everyone should monitor the actions of all to ensure the survival of the planet and all living forever.
Applicant: I understand the need for Lymphys system that is to detect the pollution actions for everyone. But how the system works?
Agent:  the system tries to recognize the contaminating actions before irreversible consequences happen. Every person, every pair, every marriage, every group, every team, every company, every house, every building, every neighborhood, every town, every city, every state, every country, every continent is considered a node. Nodes built with nodes. Nodes that transform the raw material, like water or air, what they receive then the chemical product will be evaluated by the Lymphys system permanently. There are high precision sensors in every node connected to a central system that decides when to send special agents to override the contaminant transformations. The individual node is supervised by the family node; the family node is supervised by neighborhood node that is supervised by the city node that is supervised by the state node. The concept is that any node is monitored by the next higher level that groups.
Applicant:  Does this concept violate the individual privacy or the individual rights?
Agent: the system monitors whether their products exceed acidity levels allowed. It is not interested in the images, pictures, texts, sounds or conversations between nodes. It is based on the concept that everyone is entitled to live without pollutions no matter the neighborhood, town, city, country or continent where he or she or they live. In the past, people only care immediate profit. The people only thought about their time frame so the pollution has a position without priority. Now, each project has its environmental cost associated, and a responsible person or a node connected through sensors to a central system that continuously monitor air, soil and water around. 
Applicant: you said that a country is a node. A large scale node but a node.
Agent: So it is.
Applicant: then as a closed system that has a limited amount of resources to consume so needs to limit the number of consumers living there. 
Agent: So it is.
Applicant: then there will be a birth control based on the ability to produce what they consume what adds that people will not die.
Agent: So it is.
Applicant: will be a moment in time there will be no new births because we all live forever and not leave room for new creature. 
Agent: before that time comes the geographical nodes will be filled according to their demand and supply as all natural process. These market forces are going to move the people and the resources back and forth.
Applicant: until all nodes do not permit one additional person in permanent terms including newborns.
Agent: So it is.
Applicant: let me insist, and then there will not be possible newborns.
Agent: newborns are going to be possible under the concept of timeshare. The physical space is maintained. The number of people per unit area is maintained and will be determined for each node according to the availability of own resources. Then there will be two types of people, active people and hibernation people. The parents with fewer resources will yield time to their new kids.
Applicant: and the wealthy people?
Agent: they will be able to buy time for their descendants or beneficiaries as employees. Time will be the most important commodity. The minimum time is going to be seven years but the price will depend on many factors including supply and demand in the market for the residence nodes. As the stock market there will be a quote daily with opening values and closing values.
Applicant: finally the person without resources would generate wealth while sleeping.
Agent: all depends on the market value of the residence node that is too based on the age that the person become in eternal person. 
Applicant: how are organized the nodes to establish their market value?
Agent: the nodes maps look like zip code maps but with an international scope.
Applicant: how long is the hibernation timeframe by person?
Agent: a charger person, or pitcher, would sell a maximum of three hibernation periods that is equal to twenty one years and need to wait a minimum of two active periods or fourteen years to sell again.  A battery person, or catcher, that is who buy time from a pitcher to live because was born after the timeshare beginning, would receive a maximum of three active periods or twenty one years but need to wait a minimum of one hibernation period or seven years.
Applicant: Can a catcher buy the eternity from a catcher?
Agent: yes, but need to go to the Time Supreme Court that has an international scope because someone wants to change the eternity for money is a serious concept that must be based on very strong arguments because this is being sentenced to death by personal decision.

Applicant: why the Time Supreme Court is so powerful and has an international scope?
Agent: because the eternity treatment is based on a technology that comes from the countries that dominate the essence of genetic engineering and the technology for the massive application  and criteria that preserve the human species as a result of the planet harmonious coexistence. Only after the applicant is evaluated from all possible angles by committees whose members are anonymous and with the same weight in the process of making the final unanimous decision, only there and after being sworn in is when will be submitted treatment that will give eternal life form. If you fail any of the principles set out in the oath then treatment will be reversed and you will die as it would have done without it, naturally.
Applicant: May anyone appeal this decision?
Agent: No, because it is from The Time Supreme Court.
Applicant: ok, I am ready to start my application to be submitted as soon as possible.



